README.md, before:

SIMBL Plugins for Echofon
====================================
Plugins for [Echofon for Mac](http://www.echofon.com/twitter/mac)
------- 
- TweetMarkerForEchofon Plugin
adds [TweetMarker](http://tweetmarker.net/) support.
- MyTrendsForEchofon Plugin changes trends location as set on [twitter.com](https://twitter.com).
- AbsoluteTimeStringForEchofon changes to display absolute times.
- ReadabilityForEchofon adds "Read Later with [Readability](http://www.readability.com)" item to contextual menu of URL.
- RetweetWithCommentSetInReplyToForEchofon change "Retweet with Comment" to use in-reply-to.
- DisableMarkAsReadCurrentTab disable "mark as read" when tab switching from friends, mentions and direct messages.
- ExtendImageServiceForEchofon add image preview from [Twipple](http://p.twipple.jp/) and [Viddy](http://viddy.com/).

How to install
--------------
1. Make sure you have [SIMBL](http://www.culater.net/software/SIMBL/SIMBL.php) installed.
2. Download [SimblPluginsForEchofon-1.2.zip](http://github.com/downloads/norio-nomura/SimblPluginsForEchofon/SimblPluginsForEchofon-1.2.zip) (2012/05/31 updated)
3. Extract to `~/Library/Application Support/SIMBL/Plugins`
4. Restart Echofon

License
-------
	(The WTFPL)
	
	            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
	                    Version 2, December 2004
	
	 Copyright (C) 2012 Norio Nomura
	
	 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
	 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
	 as the name is changed.
	
	            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
	   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
	
	  0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

Commit message:

Tweak wok for clicking friends, mentions and direct messages tabs
This affects shortcut key command+1, command+2 and command+3 also.

README.md, after:

SIMBL Plugins for Echofon
====================================
Plugins for [Echofon for Mac](http://www.echofon.com/twitter/mac)
------- 
- TweetMarkerForEchofon Plugin
adds [TweetMarker](http://tweetmarker.net/) support.
- MyTrendsForEchofon Plugin changes trends location as set on [twitter.com](https://twitter.com).
- AbsoluteTimeStringForEchofon changes to display absolute times.
- ReadabilityForEchofon adds "Read Later with [Readability](http://www.readability.com)" item to contextual menu of URL.
- RetweetWithCommentSetInReplyToForEchofon change "Retweet with Comment" to use in-reply-to.
- DisableMarkAsReadCurrentTab disable "mark as read" when tab switching from friends, mentions and direct messages. Additionaly, clicking current tab progress Unread Marker.
- ExtendImageServiceForEchofon add image preview from [Twipple](http://p.twipple.jp/) and [Viddy](http://viddy.com/).

How to install
--------------
1. Make sure you have [SIMBL](http://www.culater.net/software/SIMBL/SIMBL.php) installed.
2. Download [SimblPluginsForEchofon-1.2.zip](http://github.com/downloads/norio-nomura/SimblPluginsForEchofon/SimblPluginsForEchofon-1.2.zip) (2012/05/31 updated)
3. Extract to `~/Library/Application Support/SIMBL/Plugins`
4. Restart Echofon

License
-------
	(The WTFPL)
	
	            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
	                    Version 2, December 2004
	
	 Copyright (C) 2012 Norio Nomura
	
	 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
	 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
	 as the name is changed.
	
	            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
	   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
	
	  0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.
